Update customer-support.md (#179)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/business-operations/customer-support.md

> The team is based across three continents to ensure a follow the sun approach to working with our customers.  They also have strong relationships with all parts of the Mattermost organization to ensure that where necessary issues are addressed quickly and efficiently, these include, but are not limited to, Customer Success, Engineering, and Product Management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The team is based across three continents to ensure a follow-the-sun approach to working with our customers. They have strong relationships with all parts of the Mattermost organization including, but not limited to, Customer Success, Engineering, and Product Management. These partnerships ensure that issues are addressed quickly and efficiently. 
```

> Details of what the Support Team provides for our Enterprise Customers can be found [here](https://mattermost.com/support/), this includes our support options and SLA’s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Details of what the Support Team provides for our Enterprise Customers can be found [here](https://mattermost.com/support/), this includes our support options and SLAs.
```

> ## Meet the Team: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Meet the team
```

![](../../.gitbook/assets/Support-team-image-for-handbook.png)

> ## Where to find us:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Where to find us
```

* Mattermost Channels: Customer Support, Support Standup
* Enterprise Support Team Email: support@mattermost.com
* Customer Support Portal: https://support.mattermost.com

> ## Mattermost Ticketing System 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Mattermost ticketing system 
```

To ensure that all issues raised with the Mattermost Support Team can be easily tracked, updated, and resolved, the Support Team uses Zendesk as their case management software.

Customers can access the Support Portal and submit/view their tickets via https://support.mattermost.com.  

> ## New Users to Mattermost Support ##

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## New Mattermost Support users
```

If you are new to Mattermost Support you can click [here](https://mattermost.zendesk.com/auth/v2/login/registration?auth_origin=327479%2Ctrue%2Ctrue&brand_id=327479&return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fsupport.mattermost.com%2Fhc%2Fen-us&theme=hc) to set up and verify your account.

> ## Existing Users of Mattermost Support ##

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Existing Mattermost Support users
```

> If you’ve worked with the Mattermost Support Team before and have existing or previous tickets with Support then you already have an account with the email address that you would have used.  To (re)set your password, you can click [here](https://mattermost.zendesk.com/auth/v2/login/password_reset?auth_origin=327479%2Ctrue%2Ctrue&brand_id=327479&return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fsupport.mattermost.com%2Fhc%2Fen-us&theme=hc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’ve worked with the Mattermost Support Team before and have existing or previous tickets with Support then you already have an account with the email address that you would have used. To (re)set your password, you can click [here](https://mattermost.zendesk.com/auth/v2/login/password_reset?auth_origin=327479%2Ctrue%2Ctrue&brand_id=327479&return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fsupport.mattermost.com%2Fhc%2Fen-us&theme=hc).
```

> ## Ticket Management ##

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Ticket management 
```

> ## Ticket Creation ##

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Ticket creation 
```

> When submitting a Support Ticket to the Mattermost Support Team we recommend that you use the ‘Submit a Request’ option from with the Support Portal.  This will ensure that we get the required information from you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you submit a Support Ticket to the Mattermost Support Team, you can use **Submit a Request** in the Support Portal. This ensures that we get the information we need to assist you.
```

> ## Support Ticket Request Form ##

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Support ticket request form 
```

> To ensure that we can assist our customers most efficiently it’s imperative that as much information is provided when submitting the ticket.  For details of what details should be provided you should review our Troubleshooting Guide which can be found [here](https://docs.mattermost.com/guides/administrator.html#troubleshooting).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that we can assist our customers most efficiently it's important that as much information as possible is provided when submitting the ticket. More details around the required information is listed in our [Troubleshooting Guide](https://docs.mattermost.com/guides/administrator.html#troubleshooting).
```

|Field | Description |
|------|-------------|
| **CC**  |Add additional email addresses of those who you would like to receive notifications of this issue.|
| **Subject** |A brief description of the issue.            |

> | **Priority**     |Urgent, High, Normal, or Low, descriptions of these priority ratings can be found here.              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Priority**     |Urgent, High, Normal, or Low, descriptions of these priority ratings can be found [here](https://mattermost.com/support/).              |
```

> | **Priority**     |Urgent, High, Normal, or Low, descriptions of these priority ratings can be found here.              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Priority**     |Urgent, High, Normal, or Low, descriptions of these priority ratings can be found here.              |
```
Will there be a link provided for the descriptions? Or will we link to a section of this document?

Author: Yes, it'll be updated to point to here: 

https://mattermost.com/support/

| **Category**     |Select a category that best fits the product area affected by the issue raised.            |
| **Description**     |Provide as much detail as possible to enable the Support Team to recreate the issue.  Please refer to the troubleshooting guide for what’s required.            |
| **Environment**     |Select the environment where you are experiencing the issue.            |
| **Mattermost Version**     |Enter the number of the Mattermost server version you are currently running.            |
| **Mattermost Mobile version**     |If the issue you are reporting is on a mobile device, enter the version here.            |
| **Mobile device**     |Please select which type of device you are experiencing the issue on.            |
| **Attachments**     |Add screenshots, logs, etc to the ticket here.            |

>  ## Ticket Workflow ##

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ## Ticket workflow
```

> While working with our customers the Support Team will us the following ticket statuses to manage the ticket, New, Open, Pending, Solved, and Closed.  The workflow will be as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Support Team use the following ticket statuses to manage customer tickets: New, Open, Pending, Solved, and Closed. The workflow will be as follows:
```
- Is the workflow going to be added or are we referring to the steps/content that follows this sentence? 
- Are the ticket statuses listed referring to UI elements in Zendesk (asking with regard to formatting the words if needed)?

Author: 1. Yes, I'm working with Jason to upload the images now.
2. Yes

Note: Descriptions of each status can be found [here](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/business-operations/analytics/metrics-definitions#support-tickets).
 

> ## Issue Escalation Process ##

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Issue escalation process
```

> Some technical issues may need to be addressed by our Engineering Team.  When this occurs you will be notified via the Support Ticket and the following internal steps will be carried out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some technical issues may need to be addressed by our Engineering Team for further investigation. If this is the case, you will be notified via the Support Ticket and the following internal steps will be carried out.
```
Are the "internal steps" referring to the content below or will steps be added?

Author: They refer to sub-steps of the steps below.

> ## Customer Support/Sustaining Engineering Team ##

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Customer Support/Sustained Engineering Team
```

> Any case that can’t be resolved by the Support Team is escalated to the Mattermost Sustaining Engineering Team for their review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any case that can’t be resolved by the Support Team is escalated to the Mattermost Sustained Engineering Team (SET) for their review.
```

> **If the issue is confirmed as a product issue then a Pull Request is created and where necessary members of the following Teams are involved:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If the issue is confirmed as a product issue then a Pull Request is created and, where necessary, members of the following teams are involved:**
```

- Support
- Sustained Engineering
- Product
- Customer Success

> - MLTx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mattermost Leadership Team (MLT)
```

> - Sustaining Engineering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sustained Engineering
```

>  - Product

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Product
```

>  - Customer Success

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Customer Success
```

>  - Executives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MLTx
```

> **Action Plan Created**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Action plan created**
```

 - The customer is updated via the Support Ticket with the plan to address the issue.

> **Action Plan Executed**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Action plan executed**
```

 - The fix is tested internally
 - An update is provided via the Support Ticket

> **The fix is Moved to Production**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The fix is moved to Production**
```

 - The fix is released to the latest Production version of Mattermost for download 
 - An update is provided via the Support Ticket

> **Urgent & High Ticket Escalation Process for Premier Support Customers**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Urgent and high priority ticket escalation process for Premium Support customers**
```
